Now we'll study one of the ways
to measure how good a model is,
called the accuracy.
The accuracy is the answer
to the question.
Out of all the patients,
how many did we classify correctly?
The answer is, the ratio between the
number of correctly classified points
and the number of total points.
In this example, we can see that we
have correctly classified ,patients,
which is the sum of 1,000 healthy and
8,000 sick ones.
So the accuracy is this number,
divided by the total number of patients,
which is 10,000.
This gives us an accuracy of 90%.
Accuracy can easily be calculated in
sklearn by using the accuracy score
function.
Now let's see, how much is the accuracy
of the spam detector model?
This is the answer to the question,
out of all the e-mails,
how many did we classify correctly?
Since we have correctly classified
800 out of the 1,000 emails,
then the answer is 80%.
Now let's calculate the accuracy for
the spam detector model.
This is the answer to the question,
out of all the e-mails,
how many did we classify correctly?
Since we have correctly classified 800
out of 1,000, then the answer is 80%.
Now let's test your knowledge.
In this model, what is the accuracy?
Please write the number as a percentage,
so a number between 0 and 100.
This number can have decimals.